HaSeul: We're here as a full group, how do you think about it?
'Love it!'
HaSeul: We love it, too~
(The first story is from YeoJin who got a massage, called joint stretches, from HaSeul)
HyunJin: The member who looks like me...
HaSeul: I think it's not proper to do here...
(This time, YeoJin will do a massage for HaSeul!)
HaSeul: (Embarrassed) You know, I'm wearing dress today!
(But YeoJin keeps trying to do it here on stage!)
HaSeul: Hey! It's not that joint stretches!!
(The youngest member doesn't care at all!)
JinSoul: Okay, let's wrap this up!
(Meanwhile, Olivia Hye shows up in the middle of the secret unit's 'Rosy' cover performance!)
(LOOΠΔ full group's LOONA studio is going smoothly like this!)